Synopsis:

  This project aimed to create a password management system that offers in-depth security features while maintaining ease of accessibility.
  
  Status Updates:
  
  https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/status/status1.md
  
  https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/status/status2.md
  
  https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/status/status3.md
  
  https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/status/status4.md
  
  https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/status/status5.md
  
  https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/status/status6.md
  
  Video:
  
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhOYCZZ-3YQ

Planning and Execution:

  Planned execution: https://github.com/SeniorDesign2023/PasswordManager/blob/main/planning/Password%20Manager%20Planning%20Document%20%5BFinal%5D.pdf

  Given the loss of half of our development team, the scope had to be reduced when we moved into the development phase. Cut features include but are not limited to:

  -Localized database

  -Syncing databases between devices

  -DMZ for syncing purposes

Summary of Final Implementation:

  The current iteration of this project is a cloud-based password management system. We were able to implement a zero-knowledge architecture by encrypting all user data before it hits the cloud database.
  This is achieved by utilizing a Salsa20 stream cipher that uses a dynamically created encryption key. This key is generated by creating a 32-bit MD5 hash of the user's master password at the time of authentication.
  This key is passed through the app's state to the user screen, where the user is then able to decrypt a singular entry of their password database at a time. From this screen, the user is also able to navigate to 
  an account management screen where they are able to manage various aspects of their account.

  Limitations:

  - There is currently no way to access a password database without an internet connection

  - A user must log in every time they wish to access their database

  - Account management features are limited

  Future Direction: 

  - Implementation of the localized database along with DMZ options and background syncing as laid out in the original project planning document.

  - Include quality-of-life features present in other password management systems such as strong password suggestions, compromise alerts, and semi-persistent authentication.

  Statement of work:

  Team: While our project did not meet all of the goals and design specifications we laid out at the beginning of this process, we were still able to develop a reasonably secure password management system that is easy to use.

  Matt: I handled putting the basic functionality of the application together as well as the security aspects of the project and group administrative tasks.
    
  Tyler: Although not implemented I handled the planning and structure of the localized databases and syncing between device's localized databases. I was able to fix many of the UI problems, and clean up the look feel, and presentational view of the application. I also created pop up menus that alerted the user about an error when creating a user login, or attempting to log in. I also handled the deleting, and modifying of exist account/passwords, along with the account deleting. I also created the ability for users to change their master password.

Reflection:

  Lessons learned:

  - Cryptography is hard

  - People are flaky

  "If you had to do it all over again":

  - Don't spend so much time trying to update encryption schemes when they already work as is. Sometimes things are fine the way they are.

  -Pick group members who will continue through the entirety of the project. 

  Advice for future teams:

  - Security-focused development takes more time, plan accordingly.

  - Flutter and Firebase are a double-edged sword, when they work together it's wonderful, when they don't it's horrible. Be prepared for them not to play nice sometimes.

  - Research available options in depth before committing to a tech stack, sometimes promised functionality isn't what it seems.

